blog.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Blog"
permalink: /blog/
author_profile: true
---

# Blog

## Latest Articles

### AI Marketing Insights
*Coming Soon*

I'll be sharing insights about AI-powered marketing, SEO optimization, and the future of digital content. Stay tuned for articles covering:

- **AI Content Generation** strategies and best practices
- **SEO Evolution** in the age of AI summarization engines
- **Multilingual Marketing** challenges and solutions
- **Entrepreneurship** in the AI/ML space
- **Technology Trends** shaping the future of marketing

### Topics I Cover

#### Artificial Intelligence & Marketing
- How AI is transforming content creation
- Machine learning applications in SEO
- Natural language processing for marketing
- AI-powered customer insights

#### Business & Entrepreneurship
- Building AI startups
- Scaling technology businesses
- Global market expansion strategies
- Investment and funding insights

#### Technical Deep Dives
- LLM applications in marketing
- Data analytics and performance tracking
- Web development for marketing platforms
- Integration strategies and APIs

#### Industry Analysis
- Market trends in AI marketing
- Competitive landscape analysis
- Regulatory considerations
- Future predictions and opportunities

### Subscribe for Updates

Want to be notified when new articles are published? **Connect with me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/leoobai)** or **[LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai)** for the latest updates.

### Guest Posts & Collaborations

I'm open to collaborating on content with other professionals in the AI and marketing space. If you're interested in:

- **Guest posting** on this blog
- **Co-authoring** articles or research
- **Expert interviews** and panel discussions
- **Industry reports** and white papers

Please reach out via [email](mailto:imleoo@gmail.com) with your ideas.

### Past Publications

While this blog is being set up, you can find some of my previous work on:

- **[LinkedIn Articles](https://linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai)**
- **[Twitter Threads](https://twitter.com/leoobai)**
- **[Industry Publications](https://aiseo.icu/blog)**

### Content Calendar

I'm planning to publish content on these topics in the coming months:

#### Q1 2024
- The Evolution of SEO in the AI Era
- Building AI Products for Global Markets
- Content Quality vs. Quantity in AI Generation

#### Q2 2024
- Multilingual AI Content Strategies
- Measuring AI Content ROI
- Ethics in AI Marketing

#### Q3 2024
- Future of Search: Beyond Google
- AI Agent Applications in Marketing
- Building Scalable Content Systems

#### Q4 2024
- Year in Review: AI Marketing Trends
- Predictions for 2025
- Technical Deep Dives and Case Studies

### Get Involved

#### Discussion & Feedback
I value community input and discussions. Feel free to:
- **Comment** on articles (when published)
- **Share** insights on social media
- **Suggest** topics for future posts
- **Provide** feedback on content quality

#### Expert Contributions
If you have expertise in areas like:
- **Machine Learning** and AI
- **Digital Marketing** and SEO
- **Cross-border E-commerce**
- **Content Strategy**
- **Data Analytics**

I'd love to feature your insights or collaborate on content.

---

*"Knowledge shared is knowledge multiplied. Let's learn and grow together."*

Commit message:

Redesign navigation with mobile responsiveness, add logo and toggle menu, and enhance page layouts with improved styling and animations

blog.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Blog"
permalink: /blog/
description: "Explore Leoo Bai's blog featuring insights on AI marketing, SEO optimization, entrepreneurship, and the future of digital content in the age of artificial intelligence."
---

# Blog

## Latest Articles

### AI Marketing Insights
*Coming Soon*

I'll be sharing insights about AI-powered marketing, SEO optimization, and the future of digital content. Stay tuned for articles covering:

- **AI Content Generation** strategies and best practices
- **SEO Evolution** in the age of AI summarization engines
- **Multilingual Marketing** challenges and solutions
- **Entrepreneurship** in the AI/ML space
- **Technology Trends** shaping the future of marketing

### Topics I Cover

#### Artificial Intelligence & Marketing
- How AI is transforming content creation
- Machine learning applications in SEO
- Natural language processing for marketing
- AI-powered customer insights

#### Business & Entrepreneurship
- Building AI startups
- Scaling technology businesses
- Global market expansion strategies
- Investment and funding insights

#### Technical Deep Dives
- LLM applications in marketing
- Data analytics and performance tracking
- Web development for marketing platforms
- Integration strategies and APIs

#### Industry Analysis
- Market trends in AI marketing
- Competitive landscape analysis
- Regulatory considerations
- Future predictions and opportunities

### Subscribe for Updates

Want to be notified when new articles are published? **Connect with me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/leoobai)** or **[LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai)** for the latest updates.

### Guest Posts & Collaborations

I'm open to collaborating on content with other professionals in the AI and marketing space. If you're interested in:

- **Guest posting** on this blog
- **Co-authoring** articles or research
- **Expert interviews** and panel discussions
- **Industry reports** and white papers

Please reach out via [email](mailto:imleoo@gmail.com) with your ideas.

### Past Publications

While this blog is being set up, you can find some of my previous work on:

- **[LinkedIn Articles](https://linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai)**
- **[Twitter Threads](https://twitter.com/leoobai)**
- **[Industry Publications](https://aiseo.icu/blog)**

### Content Calendar

I'm planning to publish content on these topics in the coming months:

#### Q1 2024
- The Evolution of SEO in the AI Era
- Building AI Products for Global Markets
- Content Quality vs. Quantity in AI Generation

#### Q2 2024
- Multilingual AI Content Strategies
- Measuring AI Content ROI
- Ethics in AI Marketing

#### Q3 2024
- Future of Search: Beyond Google
- AI Agent Applications in Marketing
- Building Scalable Content Systems

#### Q4 2024
- Year in Review: AI Marketing Trends
- Predictions for 2025
- Technical Deep Dives and Case Studies

### Get Involved

#### Discussion & Feedback
I value community input and discussions. Feel free to:
- **Comment** on articles (when published)
- **Share** insights on social media
- **Suggest** topics for future posts
- **Provide** feedback on content quality

#### Expert Contributions
If you have expertise in areas like:
- **Machine Learning** and AI
- **Digital Marketing** and SEO
- **Cross-border E-commerce**
- **Content Strategy**
- **Data Analytics**

I'd love to feature your insights or collaborate on content.

---

*"Knowledge shared is knowledge multiplied. Let's learn and grow together."*
