contact.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Contact"
permalink: /contact/
author_profile: true
---

# Get In Touch

I'm always excited to connect with fellow technology leaders, AI specialists, entrepreneurs, and potential collaborators. With over 10 years of experience in internet R&D management, I'm passionate about building innovative solutions that bridge cutting-edge technology with practical business applications.

## Business Inquiries

For business partnerships, consulting opportunities, or investment discussions:

**📧 Email:** [baidexin@outlook.com](mailto:baidexin@outlook.com)  
**📱 Phone:** +86 18515881222  
**🌐 Website:** [aiseo.icu](https://aiseo.icu)

## Professional Network

Let's connect on professional platforms:

**💼 LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai](https://linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai)  
**🐦 Twitter:** [@leoobai](https://twitter.com/leoobai)  
**💻 GitHub:** [github.com/imleoo](https://github.com/imleoo)

## Collaboration Opportunities

I'm particularly interested in collaborating on:

### AI & Machine Learning Projects
- **Risk Assessment & Fraud Detection** systems for financial services
- **Natural Language Processing** for regulatory compliance and document analysis
- **Predictive Analytics** for business operations and decision support
- **Computer Vision** applications for quality control and pattern recognition

### Big Data & Analytics
- **Real-time Data Processing** platforms for high-volume transaction systems
- **User Behavior Analysis** and recommendation engines
- **Data Governance** frameworks for enterprise data management
- **Business Intelligence** solutions for strategic decision-making

### Cloud & Infrastructure
- **Microservices Architecture** design and implementation
- **High-Availability Systems** with 99.9% uptime requirements
- **Global CDN** and content delivery optimization
- **DevOps Automation** and infrastructure as code

### Media & Entertainment Technology
- **Video Streaming** platforms and content delivery networks
- **Live Streaming** systems with real-time processing capabilities
- **Content Management** and digital rights management
- **3D Technology** and immersive media applications

## Consulting & Advisory Services

With extensive experience in technology leadership, I offer consulting services in:

### Technology Strategy
- **CTO Advisory**: Strategic technology planning and roadmap development
- **Team Building**: Technical team formation and leadership development
- **Architecture Review**: System design evaluation and optimization recommendations
- **Technology Assessment**: Emerging technology evaluation and implementation planning

### AI & Data Science
- **AI Strategy**: Artificial intelligence implementation roadmap
- **Machine Learning**: Model development and deployment strategy
- **Data Analytics**: Big data platform design and implementation
- **Risk Modeling**: Algorithmic risk assessment and fraud detection systems

### Startup Mentorship
- **Technical Due Diligence**: Technology stack evaluation for investors
- **Product Development**: From concept to market technical guidance
- **Scaling Strategy**: Technology infrastructure for growth phases
- **Fundraising Support**: Technical narrative and pitch preparation

## Speaking Engagements

I'm available for speaking engagements on topics including:

- **AI in Financial Services**: Risk assessment, fraud detection, and compliance
- **Big Data Architecture**: Building scalable data platforms for enterprise
- **Technology Leadership**: Managing technical teams and driving innovation
- **Cloud Computing**: Distributed systems and microservices architecture
- **Entrepreneurship**: Building technology companies from concept to scale
- **Media Technology**: Video streaming, CDN, and content delivery innovations

**For speaking inquiries, please reach out via email with details about your event.**

## Mentorship & Knowledge Sharing

I'm passionate about helping the next generation of technology leaders. If you're:

- A **startup founder** seeking technical guidance
- A **technology manager** looking to advance your career
- An **engineer** transitioning to leadership roles
- A **student** exploring technology career paths
- A **researcher** working on applied technology projects

I'd be happy to share insights and experiences. Please include a brief introduction about yourself and your goals when reaching out.

## Industry Connections

### Technology Partners
- **AI/ML Companies**: Collaboration on advanced algorithms and applications
- **Cloud Service Providers**: Infrastructure and platform development
- **Financial Institutions**: Risk management and compliance systems
- **Media Companies**: Content delivery and streaming technology

### Investment Community
- **Venture Capital**: Technology due diligence and portfolio company support
- **Angel Investors**: Early-stage technology investment opportunities
- **Corporate Venture**: Strategic technology partnerships

## Quick Response Guidelines

**Business Inquiries**: I typically respond within 24-48 hours  
**Technical Consultation**: Available for scheduled calls and meetings  
**Emergency Support**: For urgent matters, please indicate priority in subject line  
**Collaboration Proposals**: Detailed proposals receive priority consideration

**When reaching out, please include:**
- Your name, company, and role
- Specific area of interest or inquiry
- Preferred contact method and availability
- Relevant background or context
- Any urgency or timeline considerations

---

## Location & Availability

**Based in:** Beijing, China  
**Timezone:** GMT+8 (China Standard Time)  
**Languages:** Mandarin (Native), English (Professional Reading/Writing)

**Availability:**
- **Virtual Meetings**: Global availability with advance scheduling
- **In-person Meetings**: Beijing-based, travel possible for major opportunities
- **Response Time**: Within 24-48 hours for most inquiries

---

*"Building great technology requires great collaboration. I'm always open to connecting with fellow innovators who share my passion for creating solutions that make a real difference in the world."*

Commit message:

Redesign navigation with mobile responsiveness, add logo and toggle menu, and enhance page layouts with improved styling and animations

contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Contact"
permalink: /contact/
description: "Get in touch with Leoo Bai for business inquiries, collaboration opportunities, consulting services, and professional networking."
---

# Get In Touch

I'm always excited to connect with fellow technology leaders, AI specialists, entrepreneurs, and potential collaborators. With over 10 years of experience in internet R&D management, I'm passionate about building innovative solutions that bridge cutting-edge technology with practical business applications.

## Business Inquiries

For business partnerships, consulting opportunities, or investment discussions:

**📧 Email:** [baidexin@outlook.com](mailto:baidexin@outlook.com)  
**📱 Phone:** +86 18515881222  
**🌐 Website:** [aiseo.icu](https://aiseo.icu)

## Professional Network

Let's connect on professional platforms:

**💼 LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai](https://linkedin.com/in/leoo-bai)  
**🐦 Twitter:** [@leoobai](https://twitter.com/leoobai)  
**💻 GitHub:** [github.com/imleoo](https://github.com/imleoo)

## Collaboration Opportunities

I'm particularly interested in collaborating on:

### AI & Machine Learning Projects
- **Risk Assessment & Fraud Detection** systems for financial services
- **Natural Language Processing** for regulatory compliance and document analysis
- **Predictive Analytics** for business operations and decision support
- **Computer Vision** applications for quality control and pattern recognition

### Big Data & Analytics
- **Real-time Data Processing** platforms for high-volume transaction systems
- **User Behavior Analysis** and recommendation engines
- **Data Governance** frameworks for enterprise data management
- **Business Intelligence** solutions for strategic decision-making

### Cloud & Infrastructure
- **Microservices Architecture** design and implementation
- **High-Availability Systems** with 99.9% uptime requirements
- **Global CDN** and content delivery optimization
- **DevOps Automation** and infrastructure as code

### Media & Entertainment Technology
- **Video Streaming** platforms and content delivery networks
- **Live Streaming** systems with real-time processing capabilities
- **Content Management** and digital rights management
- **3D Technology** and immersive media applications

## Consulting & Advisory Services

With extensive experience in technology leadership, I offer consulting services in:

### Technology Strategy
- **CTO Advisory**: Strategic technology planning and roadmap development
- **Team Building**: Technical team formation and leadership development
- **Architecture Review**: System design evaluation and optimization recommendations
- **Technology Assessment**: Emerging technology evaluation and implementation planning

### AI & Data Science
- **AI Strategy**: Artificial intelligence implementation roadmap
- **Machine Learning**: Model development and deployment strategy
- **Data Analytics**: Big data platform design and implementation
- **Risk Modeling**: Algorithmic risk assessment and fraud detection systems

### Startup Mentorship
- **Technical Due Diligence**: Technology stack evaluation for investors
- **Product Development**: From concept to market technical guidance
- **Scaling Strategy**: Technology infrastructure for growth phases
- **Fundraising Support**: Technical narrative and pitch preparation

## Speaking Engagements

I'm available for speaking engagements on topics including:

- **AI in Financial Services**: Risk assessment, fraud detection, and compliance
- **Big Data Architecture**: Building scalable data platforms for enterprise
- **Technology Leadership**: Managing technical teams and driving innovation
- **Cloud Computing**: Distributed systems and microservices architecture
- **Entrepreneurship**: Building technology companies from concept to scale
- **Media Technology**: Video streaming, CDN, and content delivery innovations

**For speaking inquiries, please reach out via email with details about your event.**

## Mentorship & Knowledge Sharing

I'm passionate about helping the next generation of technology leaders. If you're:

- A **startup founder** seeking technical guidance
- A **technology manager** looking to advance your career
- An **engineer** transitioning to leadership roles
- A **student** exploring technology career paths
- A **researcher** working on applied technology projects

I'd be happy to share insights and experiences. Please include a brief introduction about yourself and your goals when reaching out.

## Industry Connections

### Technology Partners
- **AI/ML Companies**: Collaboration on advanced algorithms and applications
- **Cloud Service Providers**: Infrastructure and platform development
- **Financial Institutions**: Risk management and compliance systems
- **Media Companies**: Content delivery and streaming technology

### Investment Community
- **Venture Capital**: Technology due diligence and portfolio company support
- **Angel Investors**: Early-stage technology investment opportunities
- **Corporate Venture**: Strategic technology partnerships

## Quick Response Guidelines

**Business Inquiries**: I typically respond within 24-48 hours  
**Technical Consultation**: Available for scheduled calls and meetings  
**Emergency Support**: For urgent matters, please indicate priority in subject line  
**Collaboration Proposals**: Detailed proposals receive priority consideration

**When reaching out, please include:**
- Your name, company, and role
- Specific area of interest or inquiry
- Preferred contact method and availability
- Relevant background or context
- Any urgency or timeline considerations

---

## Location & Availability

**Based in:** Beijing, China  
**Timezone:** GMT+8 (China Standard Time)  
**Languages:** Mandarin (Native), English (Professional Reading/Writing)

**Availability:**
- **Virtual Meetings**: Global availability with advance scheduling
- **In-person Meetings**: Beijing-based, travel possible for major opportunities
- **Response Time**: Within 24-48 hours for most inquiries

---

*"Building great technology requires great collaboration. I'm always open to connecting with fellow innovators who share my passion for creating solutions that make a real difference in the world."*
